chrome url changer
==================

Chrome extension for changing URLs (request by page or page itself).
Includes all JS, iFrame and CSS resources (as well as everything else).

## To build crx file for distribution:

1. Create your own `chrome-url-changer.pem` in the root directory.
  (Being lazy, I do this using Chrome: from the Extensions screen, choose 'pack extension' and point it at the `src` dir.
  Then just rename the pem it generates.)
2. Install npm/node.js and install grunt globally with `npm install -g grunt`.
3. `npm install` from repo root.
4. Run `grunt` from the root directory of this repo (creates crx in dist/crx directory).

## To install from .crx file:

1. Open [chrome://chrome/extensions/](chrome://chrome/extensions/).
2. Drag the .crx file generated by grunt (which is put into dist/crx directory) into the extensions window.

## To install for development:

1. Open [chrome://chrome/extensions/](chrome://chrome/extensions/).
2. Enable "Developer mode" (tick-box in top-right of the Extension page).
3. Uninstall any previous versions of the extension.
4. Click "Load unpacked extension..." and select the "src" directory of this repo.

## To use

1. Go to options (Right-click the icon and select "Options", or go to the Extension page and click "Options" link under the extension).
1. Click the icon to enable/disable the extension.
2. Use the Network panel in the Developer Tools to see replacements (original resources show as 'pending' before replaced URL shown in separate request).
